The Original designer of this Library is Cowasaki of the Arduino forums.

The thread devoted to this project is here :-
http://forum.arduino.cc/index.php?topic=164788.0

Here is Darren's original introduction to this project :-

"DueGUI - Arduino Due Graphical User Interface, UTFT, SDI and Touch library.

DueGUI is a new library combining Henning Karlsen's UTFT and Touch libraries
each already modified by CTE together with an SPI library from CTE.  The 
combined library has then been further modified where some parts overlap 
and for compatibility.

The next stage was to add a complete graphical user interface or GUI.  There
are some basic drawing and text routines built into UTFT but I wanted 
something a lot more usable. The DueGUI library works on a set of objects 
which the user defines on a per page basis and then the library manages 
these objects."

Since then Darren is busy with other things, but we have his blessing to
continue development as we see fit.

Ediaz has done much work to extract the UTFT suite of libraries which had
been embeded, so that further updates by Henning to his wonderful TFT libraries
will automatically be implented by DUEGUI.

There are problems, this is not a completely working or final library, and any
help offered by anyone with VARIOUS shields and displays would be most welcome.
The end result is that this library is intended to work with all types of
shields and displays as supported by the UTFT libraries by Henning Karlson here :-
http://www.henningkarlsen.com/electronics/index.php and most people only have
1 or 2 displays, so you can still help by testing the library on various 
combinations of shield and display, and post your results on the Arduino forum.

This is NOT my project, I just thought it was time it was hosted somewhere that
facilitates collaboration, since this has already been suggested/requested a number
of times previously.

Welcome to everyone, thankyou for any help or input you can provide!!

Regards,

Graham

   